 Atmosphere 1997, May 5th, 1997 by Jay Vidheecharoen for In Visible StudioInternet: jvidhee@kuhub.cc.ukans.eduhttp://falcon.cc.ukans.edu/~death/Jay Vidheecharoen @ In Visible Studio1301 Louisiana #9Lawrence, KS 66044PLEASE DISTRIBUTE THIS READ ME WITH THE TYPEFACE!HistoryWim Crouwel's new alphabet was a proposal for an alphabet that was designed to satisfy the requirements of cathode ray tube typesetting. This digital typeface was designed to utilize only horizontal and vertical lines, therefore diagonal lines were not to be used.  Crouwel's designed proved effective for television screen viewing, but lacked enough legibility to make it an extremely functional typeface. In 1988, British designer Peter Saville revived the designed on his album cover for Joy Division's "Substance" and on the single "Atmosphere". Emigre also used Crouwel's design on a piece entitled "Alienation".About AtmosphereAtmosphere was designed out of my own desire to have a version of Crouwel's typeface on the Mac and as a tribute to my favorite designer, Peter Saville. Atmosphere is my interpretation of Crouwel's new alphabet.  Atmosphere retains the same square proportions as Crouwel's design, but the strokes are slightly thicker. While there is no uppercase version of this typeface, two partial versions have been provided, with some of the uppercase letters designed to be more legible. The lowercase letters more closely resemble the original designs.  Atmosphere includes all the letters A-Z, numbers 0-9, and several punctuation, accent and mathematical symbols. Four versions of the typeface are included, a regular, light, bold, and rounded weight. All four contain the same character set.This my second design, so make sure to check out my other design, Memento Mori... a typeface based on Ancient Roman inscriptional carvings and Italian cemetaries.Atmosphere is freeware. You may copy and distribute it freely. You may not sell, rent, or include it on shareware/freeware CD-ROM collections without the author's permission. Version History1.0 - Initial Release1.5 - Fixed some kerning pairs, added Light and Bold weightsDisclaimerThe author, Jay Vidheecharoen, make no warranties, either express or implied, regarding the fitness of “Atmosphere” for any particular purpose. Use “Atmosphere” at your own risk. The author claim no liability for data loss or any other problems caused directly or indirectly by “Atmosphere”.